Feng Yi Chew: Yeah. And it's nice to meet everyone. My name's Fung. I'm the co-facilitator for this group as well. So welcome.
Dolores Albarracin: Where are you all coming in from?
Dolores Albarracin: What states?
Jamie F: I'm from Ohio.
Dolores Albarracin: Ohio.
Michelle: I'm in Virginia.
Petra Teeter 237121: Carolina.
Lewis: Hi, everybody! I'm Lewis. I'm in Virginia as well.
Patricia Renaud: Pennsylvania.
Dolores Albarracin: Where, in where, in Pennsylvania.
Patricia Renaud: Near Hazleton area.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: alright. So I think most of us are are here. So I'm Dolores Alvarestein, and I'm the facilitator for this group. Also.
Dolores Albarracin: I direct this project, and I'm really excited to get to meet
Dolores Albarracin: each and every one of you. We're gonna spend 3 sessions together an hour and a half each day. So we're gonna
Dolores Albarracin: get to know each other. Quite well. At least, that's typically what happens.
Lewis: He said.
Dolores Albarracin: And we're here
Dolores Albarracin: trying to promote health and and
Dolores Albarracin: our various locations and and communities.
Dolores Albarracin: So I'm grateful. You agreed to
Dolores Albarracin: participate. And yeah, and and just simply excited to
Dolores Albarracin: to get to.
Dolores Albarracin: to know you and and your concerns. And one thing that we're gonna do.
Dolores Albarracin: each time I think about issues
Dolores Albarracin: where we would like to see changes or
Dolores Albarracin: things we'd like to change. But before going into more
Dolores Albarracin: details, let me
Dolores Albarracin: call on each of you to
Dolores Albarracin: tell us you know your name, maybe your state.
Dolores Albarracin: perhaps also who you're living with? And are you working or not? And if you're working, what are you doing, Jamie?
Jamie F: Yeah, I am, Jamie. I'm from the New Orleans area. But I currently live in Ohio with my
Jamie F: fiance. I am not working currently.
Jamie F: but in the past I've done clinical research work.
Dolores Albarracin: What kind of
Dolores Albarracin: clinical research Jamie.
Jamie F: I worked in clinical trials. I have a master's in pharmacology, and
Jamie F: so I did a lot more to do with the regulatory side of things, but some patient care.
Dolores Albarracin: Great
Dolores Albarracin: Patricia, and also let me know if you use a different name or or nickname.
Jamie F: I usually go by, Frank, but I just.
Dolores Albarracin: Frank. Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Patricia.
Patricia Renaud: I'm from Pennsylvania. I usually go by Pat.
Patricia Renaud: I live with my fiance. I have 2 grandsons and one son.
Patricia Renaud: I'm in manufacturing right now
Patricia Renaud: pretty much. That's been what I've done since I've graduated.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. Well, it's very nice to meet you.
Patricia Renaud: Thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: Petra.
Dolores Albarracin: yeah.
Petra Teeter 237121: I live in North Carolina
Petra Teeter 237121: with my husband and 2 adult sons.
Petra Teeter 237121: which is probably a good thing, because somebody has to make money. I work in real estate, and that is pretty much down has been
Petra Teeter 237121: and.
Dolores Albarracin: And so did you say you have 2 sons living with you, or.
Petra Teeter 237121: 4 adult sons. Yes.
Dolores Albarracin: For adult sons. Okay, how old are they?
Petra Teeter 237121: 2726 and 24.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Petra Teeter 237121: Not here very often.
Petra Teeter 237121: they work a lot, and they are both in the
Petra Teeter 237121: military reserves. So. But
Petra Teeter 237121: there's they're still here.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Joan.
Dolores Albarracin: you're muted.
Dolores Albarracin: John.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: you have to unmute yourself. The little icon on the bottom left.
john bianculli: There we go. I think I just got it.
john bianculli: Okay. Well, I'm currently in California, in rehab
john bianculli: coming back to Pittsburgh back on the end of my job. December the second.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So Pennsylvania, too. So when you're back in Pittsburgh, who do you live with.
john bianculli: We haven't gotten that far. I have to work on how.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, you don't know yet.
Dolores Albarracin: And in the past, were you living by yourself
Dolores Albarracin: with somebody family friend.
john bianculli: Kind of on and off again. Roommate.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Michelle.
Michelle: Hi! I'm Michelle. I'm from Virginia. I'm a behavior therapist, and I live alone.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. Nice to meet you, Louis.
Lewis: Unmuted. Hey? I'm Lewis. I can also go by Lou. Try not to go by Lou with people I don't know, because it sounds too much like you, but I've lived in Northern Virginia majority of my life about 35 miles from DC.
Lewis: Right now I'm in between jobs. But I've had numerous experiences in customer service, retail sales, cooking, serving. I'm everywhere. So just looking for a job hopefully for the holidays to you know. Support all of the holiday season. I have a 17 year old, son. That will be turning 18 before the end of the month, and that was one of the major reasons, or one of the reasons I did wanna get into the survey and and talk to you guys.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you live with him? With him, Lou?
Lewis: Currently in between finding a place to stay. I was not able to pay for my rent after having a hernia operation last year my warehouse job took me off to schedule
Lewis: but from that point I've been, you know, working odd jobs back and forth.
Lewis: I did have a job with the inventory specialist place for about 3 months, and that ended in the end of summertime. About beginning of August or middle of August.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. Nice to meet you
Dolores Albarracin: and Morgan
Dolores Albarracin: Morgan.
Dolores Albarracin: can you please turn on your camera and unmute yourself?
Dolores Albarracin: We can see.
Morgan Potts: Hey, guys, hey, guys, I just got in the door literally just got in the door from work, and I will
Morgan Potts: get the video. Go. Oh, shizzlement! Can you request that again, please, ma'am? I'm sorry about.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, yeah, if you can turn on your video and and audio, and you have your audio on now. So that's good.
Morgan Potts: Up there.
Dolores Albarracin: I mean your name. What state you're calling from, who you live with? And and if you're working, what are you doing.
Morgan Potts: Okay, here, I'm here. Sorry, guys. I'm literally just walking in the door. I am in North Carolina, and I work in local government.
Morgan Potts: and I live alone.
Dolores Albarracin: Great. Well, it's
Dolores Albarracin: again, really nice to meet you. We're a fairly
Dolores Albarracin: sizable group. So it's gonna make things interesting. We have an hour and a half today.
Dolores Albarracin: And my goal for today is to
Dolores Albarracin: talk about the
Dolores Albarracin: kinds of
Dolores Albarracin: changes to our social lives that we'd like to make.
Dolores Albarracin: And I'm going to give you a couple of examples that we all have. We all have somebody
Dolores Albarracin: in our lives
Dolores Albarracin: with whom we become disconnected sometimes, you know there. There was some issue that led to.
Dolores Albarracin: and a strange relationship other times, just
Dolores Albarracin: you know, nothing in particular, but we haven't seen them, or there could be more serious splits with somebody.
Dolores Albarracin: So I'm thinking, in particular, of situations in which
Dolores Albarracin: for each of you, we're gonna have this discussion for each of you.
Dolores Albarracin: whether there is
Dolores Albarracin: a relationship, a person in your life with whom you would like to reconnect or or change something in relation to them.
Dolores Albarracin: or
Dolores Albarracin: whether perhaps you'd like to meet somebody new or or
Dolores Albarracin: a new group
Dolores Albarracin: new social activity. So it could be also something else. As long as it's related to
Dolores Albarracin: our relationships with other people. And the reason we start with this is, it's just so important to who we are and and how we feel those connections with others, and sometimes they get lost or or we have less than we want. So
Dolores Albarracin: that's the
Dolores Albarracin: main topic for today. And I'd like to start with anybody who has something to say.
Patricia Renaud: I could go first.st
Dolores Albarracin: All right.
Patricia Renaud: I would probably say my son's girlfriend. We don't see eye to eye on things because of the grandkids.
Patricia Renaud: She likes to do a lot of things her way.
Patricia Renaud: which I don't agree with, so
Patricia Renaud: that causes some clashes between us. So
Patricia Renaud: we're looking, maybe to, you know, work on that in the future.
Dolores Albarracin: And
Dolores Albarracin: the girlfriend that is living with you right now.
Patricia Renaud: With my son. No, they don't live with us.
Dolores Albarracin: Not with you. Okay.
Patricia Renaud: Just myself and my fiance are living together.
Dolores Albarracin: Now, what's what's an example of something that has happened that could kind of illustrate the issue, for it.
Patricia Renaud: Probably the way she spends money. It's more on herself than helping out with the household bills.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: so how long
Dolores Albarracin: has the relationship been
Dolores Albarracin: difficult
Dolores Albarracin: for you?
Patricia Renaud: They've been together probably 8 years, and my grandsons are 5 and 6. So from the beginning
Patricia Renaud: she does have an she does have another
Patricia Renaud: 2 children with another person, but they don't live with her.
Dolores Albarracin: So what would you like to change in in how you relate to her? And and of course anybody can jump in and and ask Pat questions. Yeah, and I'll I'll invite all of you to
Dolores Albarracin: to also speak when when you know there is a particular space.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, what would you like to to change in in how you relate to her. Pat.
Patricia Renaud: Communication, I think, just to, you know, make it better
Patricia Renaud: for
Patricia Renaud: the relationship to go smoother just for the grandkids sake.
Patricia Renaud: We don't necessarily we have our differences, but we don't fight in front of them just.
Dolores Albarracin: Content.
Patricia Renaud: Disagreements. I think opening a line of communication would help more.
Dolores Albarracin: Would you, I mean, have you discussed.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Agreements.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, we have. It seems more on her end. She's more selfish. I see it that way.
Patricia Renaud: it's just difficult.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. And and where is your son in in this situation?
Patricia Renaud: He
Patricia Renaud: pretty much pays all of the bills. She works part-time, and what she makes goes
Patricia Renaud: for her.
Patricia Renaud: It doesn't go to help with the mortgage or the bills.
Patricia Renaud: It's pretty much the way I see it me me so
Patricia Renaud: it's hard to not say anything. So usually when you know they come over. She doesn't come along.
Patricia Renaud: And now that they're at the age where they're thinking, Well, why doesn't Mom come along
Patricia Renaud: so.
Dolores Albarracin: So I'm I'm just trying to to imagine how this could play out. Yeah, I mean, if you communicate more of your concerns to her.
Dolores Albarracin: I imagine she's not gonna
Dolores Albarracin: want to know about them right? And that might cost
Dolores Albarracin: significant issues.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah. And so I just try to like, avoid the subject. But we really shouldn't.
Dolores Albarracin: And
Dolores Albarracin: just trying to understand this. But
Dolores Albarracin: why is is this your issue, instead of being your son's concern, or is he also concerned.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, he is. He tries to not get involved between. He doesn't want to get caught in the middle.
Patricia Renaud: so I think he kind of
Patricia Renaud: stays out of it.
Frank: Can I say something?
Dolores Albarracin: Please.
Frank: I think what what Dolores is trying to ask is like.
Frank: and I could be wrong. So let me know if I'm wrong, but kind of like. What business is it of yours like? It's their financial situation and their you know, paying of bills. And if it works for them, why does it concern you.
Patricia Renaud: Because it really doesn't work for them, he
Patricia Renaud: tells her all the time. You know, you need to contribute, and it just doesn't sink into her.
Frank: I know. But why? Why do you have to insert yourself, I guess, is is the question.
Lewis: I can answer that.
Lewis: I would say in that situation I'm sorry to interrupt, I would say in that situation it's more like you're protective of your child overall. You want to see them succeed. You want to see everything go well in their life. So when there's kind of like, you know some type of issue in it, you know. She's trying to guide him to make sure that he has the right mindset, for you know the the position. He's put himself in.
Frank: I can understand guiding him, but not her.
Frank: It doesn't.
Dolores Albarracin: Makes sense to me.
Frank: But but that's my opinion. I mean.
Dolores Albarracin: No, these are all great points. I'm still trying to to get this, but.
john bianculli: Well, I mean it's.
Dolores Albarracin: Bit unfair.
john bianculli: And.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, somebody else wants.
john bianculli: Is she a.
Dolores Albarracin: Ask one question from Pat.
Dolores Albarracin: which is.
Dolores Albarracin: do you feel this is unfair to you?
Dolores Albarracin: Then you're
Dolores Albarracin: son, somehow is, is, you know, making you aware of these concerns, but you really don't do anything about it.
Patricia Renaud: I feel he's just, you know, working his butt off, and she doesn't contribute anything to
Patricia Renaud: the kids.
Patricia Renaud: even providing, you know, groceries. He takes the brunt of everything, and I just don't feel
Patricia Renaud: that's right.
Patricia Renaud: If there's something they need
Patricia Renaud: in particular socks and underwear, I mean the kids come with mismatched socks to my house, and it's like.
Patricia Renaud: Why can't you buy them these things?
Patricia Renaud: And she's like, well.
Patricia Renaud: I needed this. I needed that, and it's like you need to step up and think of your family first, st before you know, provide what they need, and then what's left for yourself.
Dolores Albarracin: But, Pat, it's also very unfair to you, for because this is
Dolores Albarracin: your son's life. Yeah, he's chosen his girlfriend. He's had children with her.
Dolores Albarracin: and he can just put things on you
Dolores Albarracin: to fix.
Dolores Albarracin: Morgan.
Morgan Potts: Just because I'm very. I'm somewhat familiar with this situation. How old is she?
Patricia Renaud: Is she 30?
Morgan Potts: Okay. And he is.
Patricia Renaud: 36.
Morgan Potts: Okay.
Morgan Potts: just my humble opinion. She's got a lot of growing up to do.
Patricia Renaud: Exactly.
Morgan Potts: But also, but also y'all are gonna have to find some way of making this kismet, because y'all are stuck together forever. Honey.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Morgan Potts: You don't have to love each other. You don't have to like each other, but
Morgan Potts: I understand
Morgan Potts: the mom deal. Trust me, I get it. But
Morgan Potts: he's gonna have to make his own decisions and be able to see the light for himself before any change will ever happen.
Morgan Potts: Anyway. That's my 2 cents in the jar.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, what? What do you? What? What do you think of that, pat? How old are you? By the way.
Patricia Renaud: Me. I'm 58.
Dolores Albarracin: 58,
Dolores Albarracin: so you could be taking a break from parenting.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: What would what would you do if you took a break.
Patricia Renaud: I would probably be relaxing.
Patricia Renaud: so.
Dolores Albarracin: So have you thought of of what you would do exactly to
Dolores Albarracin: just make yourself feel good, and forget about your son, and and his
Dolores Albarracin: way of doing things.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I'd probably do more of my own, you know.
Patricia Renaud: interests and hobbies. I'm just looking out for their business, you know. My grandson's well-being.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. But has it succeeded so far?
Patricia Renaud: They bicker a lot between each other. So I'm trying to, you know, like.
Patricia Renaud: that's what I worry about their emotional well-being
Patricia Renaud: when the both of them are fighting over the money.
Dolores Albarracin: So you've been. How long have you been involved in in this?
Patricia Renaud: It's not, it's not constant, it's.
Dolores Albarracin: But
Dolores Albarracin: enough.
Patricia Renaud: Enough to get on my nerves.
Dolores Albarracin: To get on your nerves, but enough for you to.
Dolores Albarracin: They.
Patricia Renaud: Yes.
Dolores Albarracin: Maybe I should just disengage from this.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Patricia Renaud: It's hard in my, you know.
Dolores Albarracin: What, hobby, what hobbies do you like.
Patricia Renaud: I like to garden, cook everything I grow. I can for winter.
Patricia Renaud: Just fishing out.
Dolores Albarracin: I don't know.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah. Spending out
Patricia Renaud: time outside.
Dolores Albarracin: So if you, if you were to make a plan for next week to just take care of you, Pat, not your son. What's your son's name?
Patricia Renaud: Jared.
Dolores Albarracin: Jared.
Dolores Albarracin: Not
Dolores Albarracin: having to worry about his life. What would you do in the next week? Which one of these.
Patricia Renaud: Probably do some Christmas shopping and spend some time outside.
Patricia Renaud: do a little cleaning before Christmas.
Dolores Albarracin: And you think they would give you.
Dolores Albarracin: Allow your time for that.
Patricia Renaud: Oh, yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: But it's not as interesting as this challenge. Perhaps.
Dolores Albarracin: So much going on. Yeah.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: There are 4 kids, yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: money issues.
Dolores Albarracin: So how can you disengage from that.
Patricia Renaud: Just leave him alone. I guess.
Patricia Renaud: Like.
Dolores Albarracin: A lot of Christmas shopping.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: So could you set aside maybe a couple of hours, just for yourself in in the next week.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I think so.
Patricia Renaud: Between that and work I could probably
Patricia Renaud: set aside time.
Dolores Albarracin: When would that be?
Patricia Renaud: Probably the weekend.
Patricia Renaud: or after work. I work day shift so.
Dolores Albarracin: So like Saturday or Sunday, perhaps.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I do work some Saturdays, so Sunday would probably be the best.
Dolores Albarracin: Day. No.
Dolores Albarracin: because it would be nice if if you were able to do it, and and then
Dolores Albarracin: come back and tell us how how it went like, are you able to really relax? Or are they? Are their issues still kind of going through your mind?
Patricia Renaud: There are
Patricia Renaud: you know, but something to work on
Patricia Renaud: work in progress.
Dolores Albarracin: So Sunday, and what would your
Dolores Albarracin: husband
Dolores Albarracin: think.
Patricia Renaud: Probably the same thing, you know, just to get out and do things for you know ourselves.
Dolores Albarracin: They would support this, yeah.
Patricia Renaud: Definitely.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, well, yeah, I look forward to
Dolores Albarracin: hearing about how.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh!
Patricia Renaud: Hey!
Dolores Albarracin: And
Dolores Albarracin: maybe you can
Dolores Albarracin: actually achieve this of 2 h just for you.
Patricia Renaud: Right.
Dolores Albarracin: So how about somebody else on on the same question, something you would like to change in this case, it seems like Pat
Dolores Albarracin: feels, been
Dolores Albarracin: need some space more than
Dolores Albarracin: repairing, because it may not be possible to make all the changes you would like.
Dolores Albarracin: But how about others? Somebody else who.
Michelle: I'm in the process. Go I'm in the process of expanding my network
Michelle: and
Michelle: I've joined a young professionals board for the special Olympics. And so I've met a lot of like like minded people through that
Michelle: and it's given me something like we do events every month. So it's like given me something to force me to do which I've actually really enjoyed and found, like minded people.
Dolores Albarracin: so you're doing well with this.
Michelle: Yes, I was like I had a really hard time, because I was like, I'm not sure where my people are.
Michelle: You know, like. I don't know where to find them. And I'm starting to find them. So that's kind of cool.
Dolores Albarracin: That's great. Tell us more about how you found them.
Michelle: I just found it online. One day.
Michelle: I work with the autism community. And I saw that they were accepting applications for their board, and
Michelle: I've always been
Michelle: a volunteer. I've always volunteered. So this has been a different
Michelle: aspect of it where it's like focused around social and building your network, which is like, really encouraged. And
Michelle: it's it's cool now, finding a community and being like, Oh, my, gosh! How was I gonna do this without these people, before.
Dolores Albarracin: And and through something you're very passionate about, too.
Michelle: Exactly.
Dolores Albarracin: Is there any change you would like to make to to any relationship or lack of relationships, or or too many, or anything like that?
Michelle: I think that I have made a lot of changes. Kind of like protecting my peace
Michelle: and making sure that
Michelle: I have all of the like
Michelle: tools necessary to deal with things without relying on somebody.
Dolores Albarracin: So you don't have anything you like to change right now.
Michelle: Not right now. I'm.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh!
Michelle: I'm besides building like my network, you know, I'm not looking for like personal relationships at the moment.
Dolores Albarracin: And in the past, when you.
Dolores Albarracin: when doing this, were you just at home? What were you doing.
Michelle: What do you mean?
Michelle: One.
Dolores Albarracin: What were you doing during the time you're using now to to work for the board? When were you doing.
Michelle: Oh, what was I doing back then? I was engaged.
Michelle: and I was in a very serious, long-term relationship. And so I had a lot of extra free time.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, so lots of changes.
Michelle: Oh, yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Good for you. It doesn't
Dolores Albarracin: seem like you need to change anything.
Michelle: Yes, and that's why I'm like I'm not changing anything else right now.
Dolores Albarracin: But would you be willing to maybe help others, including maybe somebody in this group.
Michelle: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely.
Dolores Albarracin: Great.
Petra Teeter 237121: He's helping autism people. I have something to say about that, because
Petra Teeter 237121: one of our sons has it. So I know what that means and how much
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm going to call it work.
Petra Teeter 237121: That is so. Here goes all my respect.
Dolores Albarracin: Definitely.
Michelle: Thank you. Thank you.
Petra Teeter 237121: In itself is a full time job.
Dolores Albarracin: So since you're talking, Petra, how about you?
Dolores Albarracin: Is there
Dolores Albarracin: anything that comes to mind? Maybe somebody you've lost contact with.
Petra Teeter 237121: I would have to go back to my past.
Petra Teeter 237121: Started out quite bumpy, starting with.
Petra Teeter 237121: And let's just put it this way. I became the parent that
Petra Teeter 237121: my parents weren't.
Petra Teeter 237121: If that makes any sense
Dolores Albarracin: Parents.
Petra Teeter 237121: Moved out of my.
Dolores Albarracin: Parent to your parents or parent to a sibling or.
Petra Teeter 237121: No, I I myself became the parent to my son.
Dolores Albarracin: 2 years son.
Petra Teeter 237121: That my parents weren't ever to me.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm saying I have
Petra Teeter 237121: not a good. I never had a good relationship with them.
Petra Teeter 237121: So I moved out on my 18th birthday.
Petra Teeter 237121: Had
Petra Teeter 237121: too many relationships that didn't work out, and it was probably because
Petra Teeter 237121: I just
Petra Teeter 237121: wasn't ready for
Petra Teeter 237121: anything like that.
Petra Teeter 237121: Ended up.
Petra Teeter 237121: Well, I moved out on my 18th birthday, and then.
Petra Teeter 237121: by the age of 27, I had to make the decision to go to the Us.
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm from Germany. Sorry
Petra Teeter 237121: that makes sense.
Petra Teeter 237121: and then, as I came here, the last thing I was looking for, I looked for change.
Petra Teeter 237121: Just. It was a big change, I can tell you that. And I ended up actually running into my
Petra Teeter 237121: husband that I'm still married to.
Petra Teeter 237121: and I'm not suggesting that to anybody. But that's how it worked out.
Petra Teeter 237121: There were people that I lost
Petra Teeter 237121: during this entire
Petra Teeter 237121: What should I call it? Oh,
Petra Teeter 237121: disaster! And the
Petra Teeter 237121: good part about
Petra Teeter 237121: when you make big changes in your life, including maybe even moving away from places.
Petra Teeter 237121: You are surprised to find out that you learn very quickly who was your real friend.
Petra Teeter 237121: and who really cared about you
Petra Teeter 237121: and who didn't.
Petra Teeter 237121: and that's
Petra Teeter 237121: a positive I took from that
Petra Teeter 237121: other than that I ended up
Petra Teeter 237121: but our son, our 2 sons.
Petra Teeter 237121: my husband and I. We are very close.
Petra Teeter 237121: and that's how I want to keep it.
Dolores Albarracin: You don't want to.
Petra Teeter 237121: Works, without that.
Dolores Albarracin: You don't wanna make any changes to your life right now, like more friends, new people.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, congratulations!
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm not saying I don't have any friends. I'm just saying
Petra Teeter 237121: those are the
Petra Teeter 237121: those under everything. So in
Petra Teeter 237121: everyone else comes after that.
Dolores Albarracin: And your parents? Are you in touch with them?
Petra Teeter 237121: They're they're both no longer living. But
Petra Teeter 237121: it's I. I was in touch with them when I had to.
Petra Teeter 237121: but just being in touch with them, make me so miserable. My my husbands and sons always said like.
Petra Teeter 237121: why is it they're your family? And I said, exactly.
Morgan Potts: Currently.
Petra Teeter 237121: It made me miserable to even talk to them over the phone. I hated it when they visited
Petra Teeter 237121: they just
Petra Teeter 237121: sometimes
Petra Teeter 237121: I learned from that, and I find that sad. And again, that's why I became the parent. I didn't have.
Dolores Albarracin: And so.
Petra Teeter 237121: Sometimes you need to realize that even your own family
Petra Teeter 237121: can just make your life miserable, and you need to find your own way.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's a sad, sad thing, but it can be.
Petra Teeter 237121: and.
Dolores Albarracin: Very, very painful. How you describe
Dolores Albarracin: was to even visit with your parents. Are you in touch with any any family members in Germany, who might have some insights.
Petra Teeter 237121: I am in touch with with my sister.
Dolores Albarracin: Or or what you went through.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yes, I mean in touch with sister and her family and brother and his family.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's not I have, you know.
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm in touch with them. And they they weren't the problem they just couldn't help.
Petra Teeter 237121: I had to find my own way.
Petra Teeter 237121: And so that's where I came from. That's why I'm I'm happy
Petra Teeter 237121: where I am as long as I have those 3 people in my life. And
Petra Teeter 237121: And again, one of them has autism. So trust me. That's that's a lot of work.
Petra Teeter 237121: and he actually appreciates it because he knows that the 3 of us always stand behind him.
Petra Teeter 237121: And and then I'm also.
Petra Teeter 237121: You know, I heard Patriot with Pat. I'm a very protective mother, and I am that because of the way I grew up, I guess.
Dolores Albarracin: And pictures.
Petra Teeter 237121: I need to stand back from my son and let them live their own life.
Dolores Albarracin: So, Petro, you have 2 sons. Yes.
Dolores Albarracin: one
Dolores Albarracin: is out of the house, or both with you.
Petra Teeter 237121: They're both kind of here and not really. They're both working, but they're also in the in the reserves.
Petra Teeter 237121: the military reserve.
Petra Teeter 237121: So there.
Petra Teeter 237121: you know they're here
Petra Teeter 237121: on, and well, they live here.
Petra Teeter 237121: They're not. I'm saying they're not really here in the house a lot.
Dolores Albarracin: What do people have to say about? I mean what Petra mentions about her.
Dolores Albarracin: you know very difficult relationship with her parents, and and how she feels right now.
Frank: I can relate. You know I get frustrated a lot of times when people tell me to. You know that I need to be in touch with my family, and that I need them in my life because they're family and my family is toxic. There's no reason for me to to
Frank: be a part of their lives, and they've shunned me, and I'm I'm not welcome, so there's no there's no reason for me to be a part of it so I can relate.
Morgan Potts: Just because they're your family does not
Morgan Potts: make them automatically good human beings.
Frank: Exactly.
Patricia Renaud: Yep, I agree.
Dolores Albarracin: So on a scale from 0.
Dolores Albarracin: And Petra, would you say you're like at a 10 in terms of everything is is good in your relationships with others.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes.
Petra Teeter 237121: with with our sons and my husband. Yes, that's a 10.
Dolores Albarracin: With others in general.
Petra Teeter 237121: I I'm also I mean.
Dolores Albarracin: Good.
Petra Teeter 237121: Like, I said, my sister and and the whole family is in Germany. My brother and the whole family is in Germany. Let's put it this way. I may not go there all the time, because it's
Petra Teeter 237121: expensive and time consuming. But
Petra Teeter 237121: for example, my sons just went there a couple of months ago. Together. They they said, Mom, we really want to figure out where you came from.
Petra Teeter 237121: which was kind of scary. But they went anyway. And
Petra Teeter 237121: the 1st thing that I heard from my sister and my brother was, look if they need, if they are near where we live, and they need the place to stay. Please tell them they're welcome here.
Petra Teeter 237121: And while our sons were also, you know, trying to do the whole experience with the
Petra Teeter 237121: traveling by train through the
Petra Teeter 237121: through Germany. They stop by my sister's house and my brother's house, and they're all their children who are also adults, because I'm way younger than my siblings.
Petra Teeter 237121: They all came and visited, and and made an effort to meet our sons, so
Petra Teeter 237121: I would say, the relationship is good. It is.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Petra Teeter 237121: Not the option, but I think it's good.
Dolores Albarracin: I will put you in the group of the potential helpers for others. Given that there is nothing you wanna improve in respect to relationship.
Petra Teeter 237121: No, I have. I have permanent pain. So if you want something that I'm working on every day
Petra Teeter 237121: there, there is your thing.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Petra Teeter 237121: I mean it is.
Dolores Albarracin: That will be next week.
Petra Teeter 237121: Go.
Dolores Albarracin: Sorry about that. But but at least you don't have to worry about
Dolores Albarracin: relationships right now.
Dolores Albarracin: Frank.
Dolores Albarracin: you've been quite active, so I'd love to hear what this question
Dolores Albarracin: brings up for you.
Frank: Well, I have a lot of fractured relationships. I'm
Frank: just coming
Frank: out of being homeless for the, for I was homeless for 2 years in Colorado, and so I've
Frank: been rehoused the last year and a half.
Frank: So with my
Frank: recovery and my, you know, just.
Dolores Albarracin: Where? Where are you living now? Again.
Frank: So I'm I live with my fiance in Ohio.
Dolores Albarracin: So you've you've really rebuilt
Dolores Albarracin: a lot.
Frank: I have. Yeah. And the the person that I'm engaged to now was someone who had been in my life for 20 years
Frank: and was kind of someone who was always there for me. It just it didn't turn romantic until
Frank: recently, so
Frank: she's just been, you know, somebody that was there for me, you know, from from the beginning we were friends 20 years ago, and have kind of kept in touch throughout, and she realized I was on the street and streets and not doing very well, and offered me a place to to stay.
Frank: And I'm working on turning things around. It's taking time. I've got legal issues. I've got financial issues. I've got
Frank: a lot of issues.
Frank: so
Frank: repairing all of that is taking a lot of work.
Dolores Albarracin: I can't imagine. I mean, I think it's quite unbelievable. And you're
Dolores Albarracin: not only now in a place, but also engaged and
Dolores Albarracin: making all these changes.
Morgan Potts: Congratulations, by the way.
Frank: Thank you.
Lewis: Very difficult process. You you. The main thing is, maintain your positivity. Don't look for it in other people. It's good that you have a main support person right there with you.
Lewis: But as long as you stay positive, you gotta tackle those things individually. Don't look at it like all of this stuff is. All this stress is weighing me down because I'm in a similar situation.
Frank: Yeah.
Frank: yeah, it can be. It can be heavy, like weighing on me as far as like.
Morgan Potts: No.
Frank: All of the things that I have to do, and I have
Frank: 2 dogs that I brought with me, that were there with me throughout all of my and they've they've been. I mean, they're a support as much as any any human has been. So
Frank: yeah, right.
Dolores Albarracin: And
Dolores Albarracin: is there anything you would like to change right now with respect to any relationship.
Dolores Albarracin: maybe reconnect with somebody, maybe connect less.
Dolores Albarracin: maybe.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: New activity.
Frank: Yeah, I mean, I think, like, more like local sober activities. with with
Frank: friends that are sober because all of my friends were addicts and
Frank: my family. That's not an option for me to be in my family. I don't want to be a part of my family. There's some
Frank: trauma there, that's not going to get fixed anytime soon. So
Frank: I would like to
Frank: have you know, friends that are my age that are that are sober like people that we can that I can hang out with. I spend a lot of time like
Frank: in
Frank: like group meetings, and like Ca, and na, and you know all the A's and a lot of stuff for my recovery, but as far as like just a buddy that I hang out with who's also sober, because that's kind of important where I'm at right now.
Frank: would be nice.
Dolores Albarracin: Very important for the rest of your life. Yeah.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: And you're not originally from Ohio.
Frank: No, I'm from New Orleans.
Dolores Albarracin: So
Dolores Albarracin: do you have any? I mean, are you on social media? Do you have any friends on Facebook? Maybe from the past.
Frank: I have some
Frank: friends like online. I'm
Frank: I have a blog, and I kind of
Frank: you know, reach people that way. But also, you know, I'm I'm active on things like Reddit, and but these aren't people that I know like.
Morgan Potts: Of course.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: So like your
Dolores Albarracin: high school friends who might be hanging out online. Do do you have any of those.
Frank: No, my!
Frank: My childhood is a long story, and I went to 4 different high schools, and
Frank: I don't have any long-term relationships from when I was a kid, and I started using drugs from a very young age and
Frank: so
Frank: I don't have any long term relationships.
Dolores Albarracin: And
Dolores Albarracin: any
Dolores Albarracin: I don't know where you are in Ohio, if it's a very small place, but are there any.
Patricia Renaud: Perhaps.
Dolores Albarracin: Groups to look into like do you have any hobbies, or what? What are your interests?
Frank: Yeah, I mean, I've looked into some, some.
Frank: some like social groups, for like you know, people who are just like in there, you know, around my age that are looking for for friends or but it.
Frank: the problem is, is trying to find people who are sober, because if if I'm hanging out with someone who's drinking, that's still going to be a problem for me, and they may not have an issue with alcohol at all, and that's their prerogative. But I can't handle being around that at this point in my sobriety.
Frank: So.
Dolores Albarracin: Something like walking or-, or some type of
Frank: It'd be cool to meet like somebody who's into you know who has dogs who could play with, you know. Hang out with my dogs and
Frank: share an interest that way.
Frank: A lot of.
Dolores Albarracin: People are nodding, dodging.
Morgan Potts: Best dogs are the absolute best.
Morgan Potts: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Lou, do you have ideas for, Frank?
Dolores Albarracin: Of what? What? That could be, that activity where he could meet people who are not.
Lewis: I know.
Lewis: Well, yeah, a lot of what you suggested, like the, you know, finding a local dog park and kind of hanging out there, and you might end up running into somebody that has the same breed as your dog. Or you know it's not that you want to force those type of conversations and interactions. But you, you kind of put yourself in a position that it could happen.
Lewis: you know. So it's it's it's a, it's a building pro process, because I know, like you were saying, you don't want to risk
Lewis: your sobriety by being around people that may not understand it, or actually comfortable
Lewis: with the other side of it. I understand that part
Lewis: because I've hung around a lot of people that where it's not necessarily negative.
Lewis: but it isn't necessarily positive either.
Frank: Yeah. And another thing is that being for me, I'm I'm a trans. Man, and for my safety is important as well. So if I'm I've had some really
Frank: violent experiences with men. And
Frank: so.
Frank: you know, it's important that I'm able to be myself without feeling like I'm going to be attacked, or I'm going to, you know. Be put in a dangerous situation.
Dolores Albarracin: So an LGBT group that gets together for some sport, maybe.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Walks, hikes.
Dolores Albarracin: Have you ever found anything like that.
Frank: I
Frank: here and there. I really haven't. I haven't looked. I've had so many things going on with my
Frank: with my recovery and with. I've had a lot of health issues since then and
Frank: getting my my life back on track that I haven't really
Frank: focused on my social interactions much. And I think that's a area of my life that I've neglected.
Dolores Albarracin: So, would you? Do you think you'd you'd be interested in perhaps just doing a survey of what might be out there.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: For next week.
Frank: Yeah, yeah, I mean, I could do that.
Dolores Albarracin: Where would you look?
Frank: I think
Frank: think that there's an app
Morgan Potts: Door, or.
Frank: Well, not next door. There's another.
Michelle: Know.
Frank: Meet up. Yeah. Meet up.
Morgan Potts: Yeah, that's it.
Frank: Meet up is a good group. I used to hang out with people that like to watch horror films together because I'm into that. And I found a good group on Meetup that did that. So? I think Meetup might be a good spot.
Patricia Renaud: Could always start your own group.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: If you were to start your own group, what would it be about, dog? It seems.
Frank: It might be it might be about dogs. It might.
Frank: it. It might be
Frank: a horror. Genre kind of group science fiction.
Frank: Board games. I like to play board games. There's a lot of things I like to do.
Morgan Potts: I'm a crazy dog, lady. What breed of dogs do you have.
Frank: I have 2 Boston terriers.
Morgan Potts: Oh.
Morgan Potts: okay.
Morgan Potts: little bug, ass.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, I'd love to to hear what you come up with in terms of like a list of what might be out there.
Frank: Sure. Yeah, I can do that.
Dolores Albarracin: By Tuesday, can you tell us?
Dolores Albarracin: And then went.
Frank: Some homework.
Dolores Albarracin: Homework.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. So, Lou, well, let me ask Crystal Crystal. I cannot see you.
Dolores Albarracin: Would you turn on your camera so we can see you.
Dolores Albarracin: and then we we've only introduced
Dolores Albarracin: each of us. You've been seeing some, some of us, so we probably don't want to do a whole round, but if you can tell us
Dolores Albarracin: which state you're in. Can you hear me, Crystal?
Dolores Albarracin: You have to unmute yourself. The unmute button is on. Yeah, that one.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes.
Dolores Albarracin: I should be able to hear you. Now, what what state are you calling from? Crystal?
Dolores Albarracin: Hello!
Krystal: Up.
Krystal: Oh, I'm in Michigan.
Dolores Albarracin: Michigan.
Dolores Albarracin: and can you turn on your
Dolores Albarracin: so.
Lewis: Could be Spotty Wi-fi.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, yeah. The video icon is right. Next to the audio icon on on the bottom left.
Dolores Albarracin: If you can find that.
Frank: If her Wi-fi connection is bad, she might not be able to get video to turn on.
Morgan Potts: M.
Morgan Potts: And she may not hear you at all either.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: I don't know what's going on so
Dolores Albarracin: well, then, let's let's let's see about others.
Krystal: Oh!
Morgan Potts: Yeah, I'll go
Morgan Potts: oops. She's trying.
Dolores Albarracin: Crystal. Try again.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, you're calling from Michigan Crystal.
Dolores Albarracin: Who do you live with.
Morgan Potts: We lost her again. Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: All right. Go back to Morgan. Morgan.
Morgan Potts: Yes, so
Morgan Potts: 1st I apologize for this very annoying cough I can't seem to get rid of, so after I'm done. If you want to mute me for the benefit of everybody else. That's fine.
Dolores Albarracin: I have not heard.
Dolores Albarracin: and he'd be coughing so.
Morgan Potts: Good, thank God! Because I thought that I was
Morgan Potts: So I would like to reconnect with someone who was someone that I considered a best friend
Morgan Potts: who I met through work, and it's very funny how we met, but I won't digress into that and I'm not.
Morgan Potts: We lived in the same town. I met her organically through work, and immediately we were just like just buddies, and
Morgan Potts: her husband
Morgan Potts: was in the service. He was in the Air Force
Morgan Potts: the entire time they were married. So
Morgan Potts: it's a very odd. It was a very odd situation, and I respect them completely. But she pretty much lived alone.
Morgan Potts: and he lived in states away.
Morgan Potts: and they had a big
Morgan Potts: falling out in their marriage, and they managed to work it out well. She moved across the country to the State of Washington.
Dolores Albarracin: What's her? What's her 1st name?
Morgan Potts: Emily.
Dolores Albarracin: Emily.
Morgan Potts: She used to live right around the corner when they had a huge
Morgan Potts: kerfluffle, and I'll just spill the tea he was cheating on her.
Morgan Potts: I
Morgan Potts: was there for her incredibly a lot.
Morgan Potts: He! They decided that they want to work this out. Forgive everything. And she packed her stuff from North Carolina, and drove all the way to Washington State with 2 dogs, a turtle, and a goldfish, and moving boys.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh!
Morgan Potts: so
Morgan Potts: ever since
Morgan Potts: he moved back.
Morgan Potts: He is so
Morgan Potts: he he's all consumed with him and him, and I understand
Morgan Potts: the why. But I kind of thought that, like honeymoon crap would have fizzled out by now.
Morgan Potts: But
Morgan Potts: He's been moved away for
Morgan Potts: 2 or 3 years.
Morgan Potts: We used to talk text every single day.
Morgan Potts: I don't hear from her.
Morgan Potts: I might send her a text like some funny little name I saw about dogs because we're both crazy dog, ladies
Morgan Potts: and I might just get like a emoji back.
Morgan Potts: and I would like to reconnect that.
Morgan Potts: I think part of the reason why we
Morgan Potts: got very distant, not only the physical distance, and not only because she became all consuming with her husband and all that jazz
Morgan Potts: part of why I'm doing this is because
Morgan Potts: my little sister died like 7 years ago, from a heroin overdose and
Morgan Potts: After that I went into a very bad spot.
Morgan Potts: I was drinking an excessive amount, because I just wanted to be numb and not care.
Morgan Potts: Me and her used to.
Dolores Albarracin: How old was your sister?
Morgan Potts: He was 27.
Morgan Potts: sorry
Morgan Potts: so. But me and Emily we used to get together. Have a good time.
Morgan Potts: And all of a sudden. One day she just
Morgan Potts: decided, that's not for her anymore, and that's fine. But she became very condescending.
Morgan Potts: And
Morgan Potts: I
Morgan Potts: I'm not here for your judgment.
Morgan Potts: I mean if you're my friend and you're concerned, that's fine, you can be concerned. But I don't need you to preach at me when you were in the same boat with me not very long ago.
Morgan Potts: except for the fact that my sister died. Your husband was cheating on you, but
Morgan Potts: I would like to reconnect that
Morgan Potts: I have some efforts to do that, but I will also say that the phone works the 2 ways.
Lewis: If I can interject.
Dolores Albarracin: Go ahead. Yes, please. Lou.
Lewis: I would say that I've been in situations with friends and family
Lewis: where
Lewis: they're in a relationship.
Lewis: and then when they have their issues, if you are in support of that person.
Lewis: and more of them, you know, being themselves again, getting, you know, having an individual life
Lewis: separate from the relationship a lot of times they can end up going back and still telling that significant other what you've been saying.
Lewis: And then it kind of causes a rift in the fact that.
Morgan Potts: Oh no!
Lewis: She kind of. She kind of recommits to him, and then he kind of makes sure that you're not as much of a friend as you were.
Morgan Potts: Did.
Lewis: And I only got that from. I only got that from you, saying she moved all the way across the country.
Lewis: and then she doesn't speak to you that much. You always have to be the person to initiate.
Lewis: I've been in that situation myself where it was like I didn't input too much, but I was just like, Hey, you know, she's kind of using you.
Lewis: I don't know how much longer you can deal with it, but I can see she's using you. I'm sure your family's told you that. And then I want to say 2, 3 weeks from there.
Lewis: Never heard from that person again, who I considered a good friend. So I've I've kind of dealt with that situation, not saying that it is that same situation, but kind of hearing from what you were saying that I've
Lewis: I've kind of seen that before.
Morgan Potts: I think that you're very much on point with that. Now that I can look back, and I can see it from that different perspective. The light bulb just clicked on. And I'm like.
Morgan Potts: he probably doesn't want me talking to her anymore.
Morgan Potts: So
Morgan Potts: there's that. Thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: It. It does sound a little bit like Pat's situation. Yeah, when you're trying to.
Dolores Albarracin: Tuned.
Dolores Albarracin: introduce changes. But you really cannot. Yeah. Because she went back. And she, you know, she'll make her own decisions.
Morgan Potts: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you miss her, or do you wanna tell her something?
Morgan Potts: Oh, I miss her incredibly. We used to have the stupidest inside jokes on the planet that nobody else would ever get, but it would make us cackle like hyenas, and I miss my friend, and I miss the friend that had the funniest, snarkiest little comments that would make you just
Morgan Potts: like, what did you just say? But she has just become this very
Morgan Potts: condescending human being that I no longer recognize. And I want to believe that the Og Emily is down in there somewhere, but
Morgan Potts: if she's just gonna be a clone of her
Morgan Potts: husband, who I don't much care for.
Morgan Potts: then
Morgan Potts: I can just say I tried, and I can walk away.
Dolores Albarracin: So it sounds like
Dolores Albarracin: she's not gonna be the fun friend.
Dolores Albarracin: Then you missed. Yeah.
Morgan Potts: I'm trying to give her the benefit of the doubt. So check this. They moved back from Washington State to Pennsylvania, so we packed up the goldfish and the 2 dogs and the turtle. Again we moved them to Pennsylvania.
Morgan Potts: back where her family and his family are from.
Morgan Potts: so I'm hoping that that familial bond will maybe ground them a little bit.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, but it's not some, not your problem, in a way. Yeah.
Morgan Potts: Well.
Morgan Potts: he.
Morgan Potts: the phone works both ways. I have really, truly made a effort to bridge the gap, and if she doesn't want to re-bridge it, and I'm kind of getting the hint like Louis said Wink, wink that
Morgan Potts: maybe that bridge won't be mended.
Morgan Potts: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Maybe a nice Christmas card, and and that's all you can do.
Morgan Potts: I think that's a very good idea. And I think I'm gonna write that down.
Dolores Albarracin: In the meantime.
Dolores Albarracin: how about finding other people who could be fun or.
Morgan Potts: Oh, yeah, how many?
Dolores Albarracin: Hub, or.
Morgan Potts: I've met and I've met.
Dolores Albarracin: His comedies. I don't know if you like to laugh.
Morgan Potts: Oh, yeah, I mean, I've made new friends. Yeah, it's just you know, you miss the friend that you used to have. That was
Morgan Potts: your your dude or your girl. You just miss that person that you used to laugh about the silliest stuff with.
Morgan Potts: But I've made new friends.
Morgan Potts: I moved
Morgan Potts: recent. Well, a year ago I made new friends.
Morgan Potts: So I'm okay.
Dolores Albarracin: So new friends where you are now.
Morgan Potts: Yes, ma'am.
Dolores Albarracin: Excellent. So maybe a card.
Morgan Potts: I just.
Morgan Potts: I just wrote that down. That's exactly what I'm going to do. It's going to be the prettiest one I can find.
Dolores Albarracin: That's very nice of you. Yeah.
Morgan Potts: The idea.
Dolores Albarracin: Very good friend.
Dolores Albarracin: so tell us how it goes.
Morgan Potts: Thank you very much for the idea. I hadn't thought about that.
Dolores Albarracin: So Crystal is trying to come back. We'll see if her Internet improves. So, John, you've been very quiet.
john bianculli: Can you hear me now?
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, yes, I can hear you very well.
john bianculli: Very good. Yeah, for me. I'm starting to work on my aftercare, trying to make sure I have a good support network to come home to
john bianculli: unfortunately need to weed out who I need to keep as a friend who might be harmful.
john bianculli: So that's what I'm facing, right. I'm kind of doing that right now.
Dolores Albarracin: Tell. Tell me more about that, and tell him.
john bianculli: Well, I mean trying to sort out.
john bianculli: make connections.
john bianculli: are you familiar with the Aa. Steps.
john bianculli: I'm doing kind of 8 and 9
john bianculli: like doing these.
Dolores Albarracin: Remember what they are, but making amends. One of those.
john bianculli: Yeah, yeah, making amends.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
john bianculli: So I mean, yeah, unfortunately, then, I
john bianculli: so. But that's what I'm trying to do. Figure out who I need to make amends to.
john bianculli: who I don't.
john bianculli: who might cause me to relapse.
john bianculli: Those are all things I have to consider. Whenever I'm trying to reach out to people.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you come up with a list, or how do you do that?
john bianculli: Yeah, I have a list.
john bianculli: So I mean, I have.
john bianculli: I would say out of, I used to have like 15 people that
john bianculli: we're kind of like my inner Circle friends.
john bianculli: I had 2 relapses after the second one that got knocked down to about 3 people.
john bianculli: but so I still have my 3 core friends. I'm kind of
john bianculli: trying to figure out which ones of the other ones are worth trying to get back again. And
john bianculli: that's where I'm at right now.
Dolores Albarracin: So is your your job. Now to decide who among the 3.
john bianculli: No, no, the 3. I'm already.
Dolores Albarracin: Trading.
john bianculli: It's the other 12.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, it's the other 12. Okay?
john bianculli: Yeah, the 3. Yeah, the 3. I. We're good.
john bianculli: The other 12. I'm still working on.
Dolores Albarracin: So the 12 you need to decide if they are safe or risky before
Dolores Albarracin: you reach out.
john bianculli: Yeah.
john bianculli: I mean, because some of the people they're
john bianculli: too stress involved. I don't want to be triggered in drinking and everything else.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you? Do you have an idea of who you will pick next.
john bianculli: yeah, I got an idea.
john bianculli: My one marching friend, I'm thinking about.
Dolores Albarracin: Did you say, Martin.
john bianculli: No Russian. His name's Alex.
Dolores Albarracin: Alex?
Dolores Albarracin: So how do you contact him?
john bianculli: By phone.
john bianculli: This number. I just haven't been calling it.
Dolores Albarracin: And
Dolores Albarracin: you just call just want to see how you're doing, or or what's that conversation like.
john bianculli: Well, I mean, at least I would open up a dialogue.
john bianculli: Maybe I should start out that way. Hey, how are you doing?
john bianculli: I kind of disappeared on people. I've been in California for
john bianculli: 54 days now
john bianculli: I got a text from one of my friends. I didn't even realize I left Pittsburgh, but
john bianculli: oh, well.
Dolores Albarracin: So what do others have to say about this? And maybe
Dolores Albarracin: others were familiar with making amends.
Dolores Albarracin: Lou, you want to speak.
Lewis: I would say, with with moving away to someplace else.
Lewis: and not really staying in contact with the people that you knew that it's almost like
Lewis: that's a good gauge of seeing who really cares about you by them reaching out to you so like you just said someone reached out to you after you've been gone almost 2 months.
Lewis: and are wondering where you are, and didn't even know that you left. That could possibly be somebody that you can have as a friend.
Lewis: as opposed to people that.
Lewis: Yeah, I've I've been dealing with it a lot where it's like they'll say that they care. But the actions don't
Lewis: match up to what they're saying.
Lewis: So you know. Kind of use that as a judge.
Lewis: you know, and and keep it, I would say, to keep it kind of short
Lewis: with the people that you do reach out to
Lewis: is to gauge their kind of level of interest, and how much they care about you. That's the main thing, because there's people that pretend to care. And then there's people that don't really care that don't realize it until you know it's been half a year, or even a year from now and then they go. Oh, wait!
Lewis: Where's John at? You know? So this I know. It's a difficult process, because I I went away to Job Corps for 2 years after, after high school disappeared on a bunch of people.
Lewis: and my best friend growing up, and his friend were the only people that really tried to stay in contact, like, you know, I would have my dad come up and he say, Yeah, you know, address. And and Jason came by looking for you, and I'm like, it's been 4 months since I've been gone. But at the same time I didn't really tell anybody I was leaving, so
Lewis: just try and use that as a gauge to to see who it is that genuinely cares versus people that are trying to use you for what you brought to the situation.
john bianculli: No, that I have to do. I'm gonna be returning back to Pittsburgh
john bianculli: November 29.th I just got my plane ticket.
john bianculli: So that's the part I'm worried about. Whenever I get back home. You know.
Dolores Albarracin: So, yeah, yeah, making that plan. Yeah, where are you going back to?
john bianculli: I don't know. We haven't figured that out yet.
john bianculli: so we figured an end date.
john bianculli: I mean, I kind of wanted to hit a hard deadline, so that I'd start working on going back. I do have a job that I have to get back to
john bianculli: me, putting it off and putting it off and putting it off. I originally was planning on being out here for 30 days.
john bianculli: And yeah, it kind of went a bit longer.
Dolores Albarracin: So I wonder if your your homework should be to work down the list, or or would it be to maybe find a case manager
Dolores Albarracin: in Pittsburgh, or or some.
jennifer bilbrey: No.
Dolores Albarracin: Or do you have that already.
john bianculli: No, that I don't have I I started working with the group
john bianculli: and had a case manager, but then she quit. Now I gotta find another one.
Dolores Albarracin: Would that be a good task for you for next week?
john bianculli: Want to get a new case. Manager.
Dolores Albarracin: Finding out about one.
john bianculli: Yeah.
john bianculli: I could do that.
Dolores Albarracin: Social connection. And it's also your bridge. Yeah, back to Pittsburgh
Dolores Albarracin: favorite.
john bianculli: Sounds like an idea. Yeah, because I'm trying to make sure that I do a good job on cleaning my aftercare. So there isn't a relapse.
Dolores Albarracin: And how would you figure this out? Who could be your case? Manager?
john bianculli: I was talking with the. There's an organization that got my medication for me.
john bianculli: and then they actually mailed it out to California.
john bianculli: I do have a job.
john bianculli: But
john bianculli: right now I don't have any income. So I did find an organization that paid for my meds.
john bianculli: So the same organization, I think, has. I'm gonna try to work with them to try to
john bianculli: find a better environment to live in and
john bianculli: try to get a better aftercare plan, straightened up.
Dolores Albarracin: So would it be a phone call or several phone calls? Or how would you do it?
john bianculli: Well, it's gonna be a phone call.
Dolores Albarracin: Phone call, I think,
Dolores Albarracin: what day could you make this phone call.
john bianculli: Well, I gotta do it quickly, because already I gave myself the hard deadline of the 29.th
john bianculli: So I have clinical and clinical that I have to go to Thursday. I'm thinking that'll be the day that I start the
john bianculli: they're they're really getting on the aftercare.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So let's say.
jennifer bilbrey: She!
Dolores Albarracin: Andrea for the phone call.
jennifer bilbrey: Myself.
jennifer bilbrey: this is so rude.
Dolores Albarracin: Mute. Jennifer, please.
jennifer bilbrey: I got a phone screen.
john bianculli: Yeah, so I did.
Dolores Albarracin: No, no.
john bianculli: On Thursday that Friday I have clinical again.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So Thursday, okay. Thursday afternoon morning, when it's more convenient for you.
john bianculli: Well, I would probably say, based on, because I'm in a different time. Zone.
jennifer bilbrey: Okay.
john bianculli: Probably.
jennifer bilbrey: Oh!
john bianculli: I'm probably around 12 noon this time would be a good time to get a hold of people.
Patricia Renaud: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Right.
Dolores Albarracin: Alright. Well, I look forward to see how that goes. Yeah.
john bianculli: All right. Thanks. Yeah. I got my, I don't know if you think that was a good idea or not.
john bianculli: I kind of set the hard deadline of coming back to work.
john bianculli: December the second.
Dolores Albarracin: Back to work.
john bianculli: Yeah.
john bianculli: I've been gone since September 19.th
Dolores Albarracin: And
Dolores Albarracin: your work again. Remind me what you do.
john bianculli: Banker.
Dolores Albarracin: So I'll
Dolores Albarracin: are you eager to go back? Is it stressful.
john bianculli: Well, see, that's the bad part about it. The work I I know what I'm doing.
john bianculli: It's the inside job is not stressful. It's whenever I leave work, that
john bianculli: I have my problems.
Dolores Albarracin: So it's it's been.
john bianculli: Know that they probably
john bianculli: I was doing yoga.
john bianculli: and you're allowed to laugh if you want to. Just it was kind of weird, they said, like, perfect your picture of the place. You're most comfortable at
john bianculli: and I ended up picturing my desk at work. I'm like you gotta be kidding me.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, then, you needed 2 jobs.
john bianculli: There you go. Yeah, but I can't live at my job, though you have to go home, you know.
john bianculli: That's my problem. Whenever I get it whenever I leave the office inside. I know what I'm doing. It's the outside problem.
Morgan Potts: You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here.
john bianculli: Pretty much.
Dolores Albarracin: I mean, perhaps if you're
Dolores Albarracin: having a decent time and and rehab, maybe just setting up a lot of meetings. Yeah, like.
john bianculli: That's what I'm thinking about doing. I got 2 sponsors in California.
john bianculli: but I definitely have to try to get a Pittsburgh one.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, all great ideas. But yeah, for next week the case Manager John.
john bianculli: Okay, that'll be what I work on.
Dolores Albarracin: You're down for it. Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: yeah, Lou, Lou, you've been
Dolores Albarracin: helping everybody. What? What are your thoughts? What do you want to do with your social
Dolores Albarracin: relationships, life losses.
Lewis: I think my main thing is just being more confident in the things that I do, because it was almost like
Lewis: since I was out of high school. I've been really independent.
Lewis: You know, not going by everything that my dad wanted me to do, or everything my mom wanted me to do, and I pretty much been independent for 30 years.
Lewis: but in the last, you know, 3, 4 years everything has started to kind of decline to where.
Lewis: you know. 1st I was. I was struck by a vehicle in 2021,
Lewis: the end of 2022. I had a hernia.
Lewis: and each of those each of those incidents caused me to lose the job that I had
Lewis: so just in the last 2 years. It's been a process of
Lewis: kind of wanting to be more outgoing and and getting back to being myself and being independent. But it almost seems like
Lewis: the job situation, and the home situation is kind of just, you know, like, like John was saying that
Lewis: or that, Frank was saying that there's multiple things that are causing stress on your shoulders
Lewis: where it makes it like you can't. You can't individualize a thing you want to fix. So I think, overall it's just for me being more confident and trying to be more outgoing to the people that I do still have a connection with.
Dolores Albarracin: And who is helping you to get back on your feet, or who.
Lewis: Who the county government.
Lewis: Yeah. My dad lives with my sister, my older sister and her kids are grown. So it's basically just my dad and my sister to live about 70 miles from me
Lewis: in Ashburn. My brother lives fairly close to them, as well as my nephew lives fairly close to them.
Lewis: and they pretty much moved from the area that I'm in now. But I pretty much stayed here because I haven't driven in a couple of years, and my son is about to graduate this coming year. Coming up. So from that point I feel like I don't have to have roots in the place that I stay at, and I'm starting to see that I need to be more confident that I can, you know, move forward and get the things that I needed to get done.
Lewis: Just so I can make decisions on whether or not I want to stay here, whether or not, you know I want to make more money, or where I want to live.
Lewis: but it.
Dolores Albarracin: Right now, Lou.
Dolores Albarracin: you're in no temporary housing or anything.
Lewis: Yeah, I was in the county has like a a housing shelter.
Lewis: but they give you a set amount of time, and I
Lewis: I've pretty much gone through their system.
Lewis: The 1st time was in 2022
Lewis: I went through, you know, from the summer of 22 all the way in through till April, and through the list that they have of people that understand their their whole housing assistance thing. I found somebody, but it turned out she was elderly. She had been going to the hospital once a year.
Lewis: and unfortunately, within about 3, 4 months of me staying with her. She passed away.
Lewis: So in that regard it was like, you know, I always trying to stay optimistic. I'm not super religious, but I'm religious enough to like.
Lewis: pray for somebody that I care about. So I always had the optimism that she would come back from the hospital where everything would be fine. She was telling me. You know, we'll we'll worry about the rent and all that stuff later, and that type of thing. And then, you know, that happened. And I ended up meeting her family that I'd never even met before. I'd only been living there about 4 months.
Lewis: so unfortunately, I ended up back in the system and going through the housing shelter. And this time I ended up using up all of my time, because that kind of put me in a depression
Lewis: to where.
Dolores Albarracin: Imagine. Oh, my, gosh, yeah.
Lewis: All my efforts.
Dolores Albarracin: Who is your 17 year old son with you.
Dolores Albarracin: or when his.
Lewis: No, no, he lives with his mom, but he's, I would say, like 15 mile, 15 min away, that I can catch the bus, so we can meet up at the Mall. Things like that.
Dolores Albarracin: I wonder!
Lewis: So.
Dolores Albarracin: Frank. Frank might have any suggestions for Lou.
Frank: It's tricky, I mean. What what state are you in? I didn't catch that.
Lewis: Virginia, about 35 miles south of DC.
Frank: Okay, I was in that area before in Norfolk.
Frank: But yeah, man, I mean, it's it's tough. When you're
Frank: when you're
Frank: a a single man like there's there's not a lot of resources for
Frank: solo men, you know.
Frank: it's tricky, I mean, I think. I think the the same thing as I'm sorry I forgot what his name was. The guy that's in John. Is it? Do you have a a social worker
Frank: like a case?
john bianculli: Sorry.
Lewis: Well, it's been kind of on and off, because when I was in the shelter they assign you one but since then I was. I was
Lewis: taken out of the system in the middle of June. Pretty much. Had to find a tent and make it through the whole summer until they just recently opened up the other shelter for the wintertime. But I had. I had a counselor assigned to me while I was there, and then I would drop in over the summer. They let you come in in the morning time. Take your shower, eat breakfast, charge up your stuff all that good stuff. And we've had. You know, we've had a connection and had a relationship. But it's just
Lewis: you start to feel like
Lewis: when you're in that situation, and it doesn't improve. It almost feels like everybody's against you. So it's more like she's helping. But she's employed to help me. You know what I mean.
Frank: Yeah. Yeah. And also, I mean housing.
Frank: It's so difficult to get into housing. You know, I
Frank: that if you get on a list for like Section 8, you might be waiting 2 years to get into somewhere. So I I understand that. And I mean it's
Frank: and if I hadn't, you know, had
Frank: a friend to move in with, I'd still be on in a tent, you know. Because it's so difficult to find housing.
Dolores Albarracin: No.
Frank: I wish I had more, more optimism for you.
Lewis: No, no, it's it's understandable. It's just.
Dolores Albarracin: Anyway, at least, you know, you know you know what he's talking about. So, Lou, your dad and sister.
Dolores Albarracin: How about them? Since your your son is, is not living with you.
Dolores Albarracin: Would that be a possibility, and then maybe travel to see your son.
Lewis: Well, my! My relationship with my dad is kind of strained. He is in.
Patricia Renaud: He is.
Lewis: In his retirement phase, within the last 2 years of me, going through the most difficult time of my life.
Lewis: So he was only able to help, but so much.
Lewis: and it's kind of
Lewis: falling off from that point. I don't know if it was I was asking too much, or he was wanting me to do something, and I was like, no, I'm not going to do that.
Lewis: I'm not sure what caused kind of the riff in that, but it's gotten, you know, sporadic.
Dolores Albarracin: Would maybe maybe a phone call with your dad or Zoom Meeting. Would that be
Dolores Albarracin: good idea for next week?
Lewis: Yeah, cause I it's
Lewis: my my immediate family all still live in the same state as me, but it seems like there's still way more distance than there should be for them, being, you know, within the same state. So yeah, definitely to try and reach out to my brother and my sister.
Dolores Albarracin: When would you do that? Would it be your your dad, or your sister, or both?
Lewis: Probably probably to everybody. Between the 4 of them. Just to kind of reach out to them over the weekend when I know they're not busy. Everybody's working. Everybody has their own life going on.
Dolores Albarracin: One, pick one, and and just tell me about one. And when would you call.
Lewis: Probably my dad and I try and reach out to him over the weekend, either Saturday or Sunday, when I know he'll be home, cleaning his house or washing clothes, washing dishes, doing something, cooking around the house, anything like that, where I know he's kind of wound down, and he's not in.
Lewis: He's in a different mood and a different mind. State.
Dolores Albarracin: And what would you say? Just
Dolores Albarracin: Hello! What would you say?
Lewis: Is, I don't know.
Lewis: I'd probably start off saying, Hey, it's it's your oldest son, and see where he takes it from. There.
Dolores Albarracin: How many, how many sons does he have.
Lewis: So I have a older, older sister and a younger brother, and we're each separated by 6 years. So my sister is 6 years older than me.
Lewis: My brother is 6 years younger than me.
Dolores Albarracin: You're the you're the middle middle child.
Lewis: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So you would say that. And then what.
Lewis: Just kind of, you know. I I think the main thing in not having contact with people over a period of time that you've been connected to is just to kind of catch up. You know, Major, things that have gone on since you've talked to that person, or since you've seen them.
Lewis: because I can see
Lewis: my dad and my sister I probably haven't seen since last Thanksgiving, and we're coming up on Thanksgiving now.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, so, maybe just.
Lewis: I saw over the summer.
Dolores Albarracin: Catching up, and I miss you and then you'll call.
Lewis: Yeah, kind of kind of just catching up and then kind of seeing where the conversation goes. Who's gonna take the 1st step into apologizing or trying to figure out.
Dolores Albarracin: Nothing happened.
Lewis: Yep.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, so just 13 days.
Dolores Albarracin: By next Tuesday and and telling us so I wanna invite Jennifer. Jennifer, you've been hearing we started at 5. So next Tuesday it will be at 5,
Dolores Albarracin: and you know we've been having this conversation, and each each member of the group has been talking. So
Dolores Albarracin: there isn't time to really introduce everybody again. But why don't you tell us where you are? Who you live with? Why are you here?
jennifer bilbrey: Okay. My name is Jennifer. I am in Saint Louis, Missouri. I live with my son's father
jennifer bilbrey: and myself. That's it. And I am here
jennifer bilbrey: to, because I think I would have a lot of valuable input to give for the study purposes. I really do
jennifer bilbrey: from the
jennifer bilbrey: behavioral standpoint with addiction and
jennifer bilbrey: behaviors behind that. And you know that sort of thing. And I think I have a lot of valuable input.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: well, thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: And when you think of this question, we've been asking, yeah, what would you like to fix one relationship one, maybe
Dolores Albarracin: creating a new relationship, maybe fixing an old relationship. What would you say.
jennifer bilbrey: I would say, me and my mother's me and my mom's relationship
jennifer bilbrey: for sure.
jennifer bilbrey: We just. She's she's very
jennifer bilbrey: kind of like
jennifer bilbrey: stoic. She's she's real strong and intense all the time, and it's just something that I'm can't get used to. I guess I don't know.
jennifer bilbrey: yeah, I definitely picked her. And I'm sorry.
Dolores Albarracin: Speaker, or you don't.
jennifer bilbrey: Oh, yeah, I see her all the time. Yeah, yeah, she she only lives about 5 min away from me. But I just have never been able to like call her and just talk to her about. You know, some of my problems, especially relationship problems, especially kid problems, because I've raised one son. She's raised 3 kids so there's there's not a lot of empathy or sympathy there for me when I'm calling crying about my you know, distress calls as as a mom, you know. So
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, yeah.
jennifer bilbrey: Yeah. But I think
jennifer bilbrey: you're like.
Dolores Albarracin: We don't do. We don't do miracles here, Jennifer, so.
jennifer bilbrey: Right.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Mother has no empathy. I don't know that you can fix that right, but.
jennifer bilbrey: Right? Right? Well, I can't. I mean, I can't. And that's okay. I'm just trying. I just I just
jennifer bilbrey: Maybe my approach can be changed. That would, maybe, you know, change how she then respond to me because I can't change anything about her, you know. I can just
jennifer bilbrey: just changed me, anyway. So yeah, if I could fix, I just want to make it a little bit stronger. I just wish I don't know. Maybe I just I don't know.
Dolores Albarracin: I'm just trying to picture. Well, first, st we don't know if what you would like could exist. Yeah, with your mom. But
Dolores Albarracin: do you imagine a situation, or encounter, or or.
jennifer bilbrey: I mean, I don't want you to be able to call her about something, and and you know, either tell her about a good day or a bad day, and not be criticized about it
jennifer bilbrey: or not. Be, you know, it's just a lot of negativity comes from everything. I just want to be able to call her, or maybe be happy to hear from me. Sometimes.
jennifer bilbrey: You know things like that.
Dolores Albarracin: So how about just texting her.
jennifer bilbrey: I do. I do. And she doesn't respond most of the time. But that's okay, because I know she read it, you know, and that's okay. She is who she is, and I love her to death. But
jennifer bilbrey: huh!
Morgan Potts: We were saying. I'm sorry to interrupt Jennifer. I was just wanted to interject.
Morgan Potts: because I understand your situation. We were saying earlier that just because their family does not make them automatically good people.
Morgan Potts: and
Morgan Potts: the root of disappointment is expecting from others what you would do for them.
jennifer bilbrey: True. Yeah.
jennifer bilbrey: you know, she she still criticizes me for things I did 15 years ago.
Morgan Potts: You ain't. Gonna you're not gonna change that, honey.
jennifer bilbrey: Right.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, then, other than maybe you invite her to watch a movie or something
Dolores Albarracin: that doesn't allow her to speak.
jennifer bilbrey: You know. That's a good.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, instead of.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
jennifer bilbrey: For a problem or or a solution. Maybe I should just call.
Dolores Albarracin: Very loud play.
Dolores Albarracin: Try that. Yeah. Invite her for a movie. Then mom goes home and no criticism.
jennifer bilbrey: Right? Right? That's a great idea. Actually. Hmm.
Dolores Albarracin: And tell us how it goes.
jennifer bilbrey: I will! I will!
Dolores Albarracin: All right. Well, we
Dolores Albarracin: we're almost out of time. So I want to just
Dolores Albarracin: allow everybody to
Dolores Albarracin: share and and thank others for for what? You heard today, something that you liked in others, something you appreciated
Dolores Albarracin: very briefly, but at least some thoughts.
Morgan Potts: Oh!
jennifer bilbrey: Go ahead!
Dolores Albarracin: They're not.
Morgan Potts: I I was just gonna say.
Morgan Potts: Lewis, you're a cool guy.
Morgan Potts: I love the way you think, and I am not a miracle worker. By no means. But I've spent 20 years in local government. I know how things work. And I'm also a really good Internet sleuth. So
Morgan Potts: I'm just throwing this at you. If you want to contact me on that platform thing that we have, and just give me some general location. I heard your your serving and all that I've been there. I've done that. I've got some ideas for you that might be helpful. There are some depending upon where you're at. There are some places like a restaurant that will employ folks
Morgan Potts: and give them places
Morgan Potts: to help them get back on their feet. I don't know if that exists where you are, but I certainly don't mind spending time Googling, and looking for you.
Morgan Potts: so you just just throw it out there and thanks everybody for your for your time. Y'all have been really cool people. I was very apprehensive about this, but y'all are really awesome.
Dolores Albarracin: So, Lou, you can. Text, Morgan, your email or phone number. Yeah.
Lewis: I did sign on to the there's a.
Dolores Albarracin: So you can connect there.
Lewis: Didn't figure out.
Dolores Albarracin: That's very generous of of
Lewis: Yeah, I appreciate that.
Lewis: So, yeah, there are others.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, it's things you appreciated, admired about members.
jennifer bilbrey: What I would, I would I like I 1st of all, I apologize for for being late, because my zoom was not working properly, so let me just 1st off I was. I apologize for being late. But what what I just heard from like Morgan. It's kind of like
jennifer bilbrey: reinstores, like kind of my faith in people sometimes, because I know you know, people are especially after like Post Covid and all that stuff people are kind of, you know to themselves a lot now, and seeing a stranger want to help another stranger without any strings attached at all. Kind of, you know.
jennifer bilbrey: gives me some faith that you know it's not. It's not all bad all the time, you know.
Dolores Albarracin: Thanks for saying this.
Dolores Albarracin: No
Dolores Albarracin: others.
Lewis: Yeah, I would just say, I I really appreciate everybody sharing. I know it's hard like Jennifer was just saying that
Lewis: it's kind of individualized us from what we had to go through for 2020 and 2021. So for us to be able to share these things and all be in different locations across the country, and you're open to sharing a little bit of yourself. We appreciate it, and it also kind of not really bonds. But it kind of shows you there's a connection. People aren't as different as you think. They are.
Dolores Albarracin: Not Petra, Petra.
Petra Teeter 237121: Very true, very true.
Petra Teeter 237121: I can only agree. Everybody is like saying these things. I can only agree so much.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's just.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's just amazing. I didn't know what to expect
Petra Teeter 237121: from this. And
Petra Teeter 237121: I
Petra Teeter 237121: I've learned so much. And
Petra Teeter 237121: it's just I see that. Well, I'm I'm 55 years old. So I'm on the older
Petra Teeter 237121: side, I guess.
Petra Teeter 237121: and I see people struggling. And
Petra Teeter 237121: and then there's my sons. I see them struggle, too, and it's just. It's all like repeating itself when I'm like, Oh.
Petra Teeter 237121: I just want to put it out there just because they're family, and I mean
Petra Teeter 237121: you heard me. My own husband and my sons are all that I
Petra Teeter 237121: they are like my number one in my life.
Petra Teeter 237121: but
Petra Teeter 237121: my own parents.
Petra Teeter 237121: I should have never even tried I should have not wasted my time on them. And that's a horrible statement.
Petra Teeter 237121: a horrible, horrible statement.
Lewis: Well, you gotta try.
Petra Teeter 237121: I did. Yeah, I did. I did take a lesson from that. And one of the things I have to say is.
Petra Teeter 237121: I don't like to be a victim.
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm not.
Dolores Albarracin: That's it. There you go!
Petra Teeter 237121: There you go!
Dolores Albarracin: Rewind.
Dolores Albarracin: so don't.
Petra Teeter 237121: Not victims. So there you go!
Dolores Albarracin: John, Frank, Michelle and Pat, I want to just allow you a minute to
Dolores Albarracin: send something back to the group. Yeah.
Patricia Renaud: I just found this very interesting. And looking forward to the next session.
Patricia Renaud: Everybody, you know.
Patricia Renaud: had a lot of good insight and had a lot to offer, and
Patricia Renaud: I'm looking forward to you know
Patricia Renaud: what everybody accomplished next week.
Dolores Albarracin: Thank you.
Michelle: I've loved hearing everyone's stories and
Michelle: it's cool, seeing everyone's different journey of life, and I can't wait to see where we all go.
Dolores Albarracin: Frank, you.
Frank: Yeah, yeah, it's Yeah. I was a little like
Frank: I was a little apprehensive, like, Pat said, I'm not pat. I'm sorry. It was Morgan that said that about getting on here. I didn't know kind of what it would be like, but it's been nice to kind of see
Frank: full spectrum of people, and it kind of reminds me it humbles me about where I've been, you know.
jennifer bilbrey: Move in there.
Frank: Been in the same position. That maybe not exactly, but that Lewis is in right now. And I know how tough it can be out there. So
Frank: And it's also good to see people reaching out when when they don't have to like like, Jennifer said. You know, seeing people doing things without strings attached is something on the streets that you you come to expect from people, and it's really hard.
Frank: when you leave the streets, to, to let people do things for you because you think well, what do you want in return?
jennifer bilbrey: Yeah.
Frank: Because there's always something. So it it's nice to see that.
Dolores Albarracin: Very nice. Well, it's an honor to meet you all, and I very much look forward to seeing you next week.
Dolores Albarracin: and there is a little message from Feng about, you know. Payments will come in within 3 to 5 days. You can read that. But yeah, and great to meet you all, and
Dolores Albarracin: let us know if you have any questions. Yeah.
jennifer bilbrey: Okay, I'll see you next. We'll see you next week. Thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: Testing kits and other things to anybody who wants them. So please,
Dolores Albarracin: let us know. Okay, thank you.
john bianculli: Say it that way.
Lewis: Alright, guys, stay positive. Thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: Thank you. Thank you.